[Docs] Add note about debugging with --release-debuginfo build-script flag (#62048)
swiftlang/swift: docs/HowToGuides/GettingStarted.md

   containing the Swift compiler and standard library and clang/LLVM build artifacts.
   If the build fails, see [Troubleshooting build issues](#troubleshooting-build-issues).

   > **Note:**
   > `--release-debuginfo` means that although debug information will be produced, all targets will
   > be compiled in release mode, meaning optimized code, which can affect your debugging experience.

>    > Consider [`--debug-swift` to build a debug variant of swift component](#debugging-issues) to have 
>    > the swift targets (that includes `swift-frontend`) built in debug mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Consider [`--debug-swift` to build a debug variant of the compiler](#debugging-issues) and have 
   > swift targets (including `swift-frontend`) built in debug mode.
```

   containing the Swift compiler and standard library and clang/LLVM build artifacts.
   If the build fails, see [Troubleshooting build issues](#troubleshooting-build-issues).

   > **Note:**
   > `--release-debuginfo` means that although debug information will be produced, all targets will
   > be compiled in release mode, meaning optimized code, which can affect your debugging experience.
   > Consider using `--release-debuginfo --debug-swift` to have only the swift targets (that includes `swift-frontend`)
   > built in debug mode.

>    > To know more about each flag being passed to build script run `utils/build-script --help`.

Reviewer: I think the last line is redundant in the face of the footnote in [this](https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/main/docs/HowToGuides/GettingStarted.md#the-roles-of-different-tools) prior section.

Author: Ah yeah, didn't saw that. I'll remove it then

Author: Removed!

> 

Reviewer: We already discuss this in https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/main/docs/HowToGuides/GettingStarted.md#debugging-issues. I'd vote for merging that one into yours (not necessarily in this PR), since the build configuration is really something you ought to decide on before invoking the build.

Author: Just adjusted to reference that section, let me know what you think.

Reviewer: LGTM.
